# Locate-segment-in-a-text-using-multi-output-regression
The dataset is basically the News-Articles dataset from Kaggle. The main dataset is used to predict the type of news article like business, sports. Here, the main dataset is being modified. The dataset contains 2692 records of news article. Some random date-time segments which can be called substring are inserted to approximately 1600 records (only in Article column). The steps of inserting date-time segment is below: 
1. Firstly, a date-time object is created using today() 
2. Then a list of some random integers is generated in the range of 0 to 2691(1600 integers). There integers are index numbers in which the date-time segment will be inserted. 
3. After that by using a loop new datetime are generated by adding/subtrating random timedeltas, formatted by random datetime format and are being inserted to random position in the samples of Article column of dataset. 
4. Now the datetime segments are inserted, these can be considered as positive case. Three columns are added in the main dataset namely is_deadline, start, end. In the positive cases, where the datetime segments are present, the value of is_deadline column will be 1, the value of start column is the starting index of datetime substring in the main string and the end column is the length of datetime substring+starting index. 
5. After that all remaining samples can be considered as negative cases and in that case the value of is_deadline, start and end will be 0. 
6. Now the previous column is dropped and new Article column is concatenated to dataset to make new dataset. 
7. Lastly, the dataset is saved in csv format and is ready for predicting is_deadline, start and end column as target for multi output regression task. 

For the regression task, LSTM model, K nearest neighbor regressor, SVM regressor and XGBoost regressor are used. Among these, LSTM provides slightly better result. 
